[docs] Add partial index to YSQL best practices (#19231)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/develop/best-practices-ysql.md

For more details, see [Avoid trips to the table with covering indexes](https://www.yugabyte.com/blog/multi-region-database-deployment-best-practices/#avoid-trips-to-the-table-with-covering-indexes).
{{</tip>}}

> ## Faster writes with partial indexes

Reviewer: Suggestion: Speed up your queries with ... 

As it affects both reads and writes.

Author: Reads will not be faster though? Just that the index will need less maintenance. But a query using it should have the same performance.

A partial index is an index that is built on a subset of a table and includes only rows that satisfy the condition 

> specified in the `WHERE` clause. This will speed up any writes to the table and reduce the size of the index, thereby improving the speed for read queries that use the index.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
specified in the `WHERE` clause. This speeds up any writes to the table and reduces the size of the index, thereby improving speed for read queries that use the index.
```
